Release v0.8.0 (#270)
fluxcd/kustomize-controller: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project are documented in this file.

## 0.8.0

**Release date:** 2021-02-12

This is the eight MINOR prerelease.

> This prerelease comes with support for bash-style
> [variable substitutions](https://github.com/fluxcd/kustomize-controller/blob/main/docs/spec/v1beta1/kustomization.md#variable-substitution).
> 
> The Kustomization API was extended with in-line support for Kustomize
> [Strategic Merge and JSON 6902 patches](https://github.com/fluxcd/kustomize-controller/blob/main/docs/spec/v1beta1/kustomization.md#override-kustomize-config).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This prerelease comes with support for bash-style
[variable substitutions](https://github.com/fluxcd/kustomize-controller/blob/v0.8.0/docs/spec/v1beta1/kustomization.md#variable-substitution).

The Kustomization API was extended with in-line support for Kustomize
[Strategic Merge and JSON 6902 patches](https://github.com/fluxcd/kustomize-controller/blob/v0.8.0/docs/spec/v1beta1/kustomization.md#override-kustomize-config).
```

would make this future proof.

Author: indeed! thanks
